This platform only provides information docking, all disputes and problems have nothing to do with this platform, please through the arbitration department to safeguard their rights and interests.

This agreement is a contract between you and the administrator of the APP. It has the legal effect of a contract. Please read it carefully.
Contents, effectiveness and changes of this Agreement
The content of this Agreement includes the text of the agreement and all kinds of rules that the APP has published or may publish in the future. All rules are an integral part of this Agreement and have the same legal effect as the text of this Agreement. If you have any questions about the agreement, you should contact the APP. This Agreement becomes effective and binding upon both parties when you agree to all terms of the Agreement and start using the APP.
As long as you use the services of the APP Platform, this Agreement will be binding on you, and you shall not claim that this Agreement is invalid or request cancellation of this Agreement on the grounds that you have not read the content of this Agreement or have not obtained the answer to your inquiry from this APP. You confirm that the terms of this Agreement are a contract dealing with the rights and obligations of both parties and are always valid. If there are other mandatory provisions of law or special agreements between the parties, such provisions shall prevail. You undertake to accept and abide by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, you should immediately stop using the APP Platform services. The APP has the right to formulate and modify this Agreement and/or various rules from time to time as required, and publish them on the APP platform without notifying users separately. The amended Agreement and Rules shall take effect immediately upon publication on the website. If you do not agree to the relevant changes, you should immediately stop using the APP Platform services. Your continued use of the APP Platform services indicates that you accept the revised agreement and rules.
Permissions and information
In order to provide you with better services, we will apply for the following permissions and information: We may apply for system device permissions for mobile device information, log information and user information, etc. We may apply for sensitive permissions such as albums and storage space, but we will not default or force information collection.
